Website Summary

In my website I have implemented four pieces of interactive functionality. The first two interactive pieces were the required forms page and the gallery. On my forms page I allow my users to subscribe to the page and choose their favorite song or artist of the rap group. The gallery page allows the users to see pictures of recent shows or performances by the group and this was done by enlarging the picture with the hover and click functions. The events page uses the click function and allows the user to get info on upcoming events or performances by clicking on the event flyer on the page. The last piece of interactivity I used was on the videos page and this page allows the user to view music videos the group has made by clicking on the play/pause button. I also put a YouTube link to the group’s video channel on the videos page.
	After seeing my feedback from homework five I seen that there wasn’t much that I had to fix on my website. I basically just fixed a few alignment problems that I had with my pictures by tweaking a few things in the CSS. Other than that I didn’t really change anything on the website that I submitted in homework five.
	Overall I think this website will meet the needs of the rap group who are the stakeholders. The site will keep their fans updated on any events or performances that they have. It will also allow the fans to watch any of the group’s new videos, which will increase their popularity and get them more notoriety. This site provides everything that a typical website for a music group needs which is the groups content meaning their videos or music, the groups events or pictures of events, and a subscription page which allows their fans to stay updated with the group’s current events or activities.
